Improve Regulation 2i wording (#1030)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

- 2g) Competitors must remain quiet when inside the designated competition area. Talking is permitted, but must be kept at a reasonable level, and away from competitors who are actively competing.
    - 2g3) Competitors in a Competitor Waiting Area must not communicate with each other about the scrambled states of the puzzles of the round in progress. Penalty: disqualification of the competitor(s) from the event, at the discretion of the WCA Delegate.
- 2h) Competitors must be fully dressed while in the competition venue. At the discretion of the WCA Delegate, competitors may be disqualified from the competition for inappropriate clothing.

> - 2i) While attempting, competitors must not use electronics or audio equipment (e.g. cell phones, MP3 players, dictaphones, additional lighting) apart from the Stackmat timer or stopwatch.

Reviewer: How about just this?
```suggestion
- 2i) During their attempts, competitors must not use electronics or audio equipment (e.g. cell phones, MP3 players, dictaphones, additional lighting) apart from the Stackmat timer or stopwatch.
```
